Metadata-Version: 1.1
Name: zq
Version: 0.0.1
Summary: zipha base package 
Home-page: https://github.com//ziphasdk
Author: vishwa
Author-email: vishwa@quasnscendence.com
License: UNKNOWN
Description: Zipha Base Sdk / Package
        
        1. setup.py
        	a. All the dependencies for the package has been defined.
        	b. The package information also has been defined.
        
        2. zp(actual code folder)
        	a. zp.api.api file defines the router which will be used in each services to register service level endpoints.
        	b. core.config file defines following.
        		1. SECRET_KEY & SECRET_SALT : used for token creation and verification of email, reset password and acces token.
        		2. EMAIL_VERIFY_TOKEN_EXPIRE_MINUTES & RESET_PASSWORD_TOKEN_EXPIRE_MINUTES:  expiry durations of tokens for email verification and password reset.
        	c. core.jwt:  file is used to generate and validate user access tokens.
        
        	d. core.permission: file is used to define permission classes.
        
        	e. zp.utils: contains classes and functions of general utility used in multiple places throughout different services.
        
        	f. db folder:  defines the configuration information  and connections for service level databases to run.
        
        	g. models defines base db models used in different services.
        
        3. to create a new version of the packages.
        	a. first  change the package version in setup.py.
        
        	b. cd to your repository folder .
        
        	c. make sure you  have  installed python in your system. 
        
        	d . finally run the "python setup.py sdist" : it will create a folder called dist and stores the package file with .tar.gz extention inside it ex: dist/zq-0.0.1.tar.gz
        
        4. to install package.
        	-clone the sdk repository.
        	- open the dist folder under sdk repositoryf folder.
        	- copy the file with .tar.gz extention into targeted folder.
        	- finally run "pip install sample-0.0.1.tar.gz "   this will install  zipha sdk to targeted env. 
        
        
        
        
        
        
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License
Classifier: Operating System :: OS Independent
